experience_id	notable_achievement
12	In the 9 weeks since joining WMQ I have lead the development of a suite of Power BI reports for the residential aged care directorate, these reports are currently undergoing UAT and are scheduled for release during October 2021. Following agile methodologies and working alongside the Solution Architect we have built the core components of WMQ’s first data warehouse (centred around Azure Synapse Analytics). I created ELT pipelines to bring data from multiple source systems into the data warehouse using Transact-SQL stored procedures and views to transform the data into system agnostic fact and dimension tables. I then worked with Data Analysts to build a Power BI shared dataset over the top to support initial reporting requirements and to eventually be used to provide the business with a self-service BI platform.
12	I am working closely with the Solution Architect to customise and extend the metadata driven data warehouse solution that we are implementing so that it is tailored to organisational requirements. This has included implementation of SharePoint sites and associated processes to improve the quality and timeliness of manually collated data required for analytical reporting.
5	Development of PowerShell scripts to extract eDOCS usage data and load it into SharePoint lists for consumption by custom visualisations built using Chart.js (yes it was hacky but it also saved days of manual work every month and introduced me to the wonderful world of data).
5	Development of a custom reporting layer for Bing Maps (it was a better price than Google Maps and met our requirements) that visualises the 100+ statewide offices supported by the Record Management team showing key usage data alongside supporting information (e.g. network connectivity, some sites have limited connectivity which could make regular use of the departmental record keeping system unfeasible).
5	Development of PowerShell scripts that use the eDOCS DM API to facilitate data migrations into eDOCS. These scripts enable the Records Management team to directly oversee regular migrations of key records into the departmental records management system without having to pay for vendor support hours.
6	In response to the rapidly changing impact of COVID19 on the QLD judicial system I refactored Courts ELT processes from being monthly batch jobs to daily incremental loads. This involved working closely with IT project teams to implement the department’s first Azure based data solution which facilitated the creation of Power BI Dashboards designed to provide decision makers with timely data improving their ability to make informed decisions in a rapidly changing environment.
6	Working closely with senior analysts I lead the technical development of a suite of datasets designed to support dashboards highlighting the progression of matters before the Childrens Court of Queensland (CCQ). These datasets combined data from multiple disparate systems and made use of statistical linkage keys to attempt to identify unique individuals across these systems. The resulting reports are used by Judiciary and their support staff to easily get a view of matters before the CCQ. Facilitating performance measurement of individual process areas, identifying opportunities for improvement. With improved performance of the courts matters can be dealt with promptly granting participants an earlier resolution to what is often a very stressful time.
6	I created the first automated, centralised report that showed the number of court events listed at each courthouse within Queensland. This report took the form of a SAS Visual Analytics report (with a somewhat hacky (but you use what you have, and it sure beat manual extracts from multiple business systems and collation in Excel by each individual courthouse) matrix visual made up to look like a wall calendar). Creating this report required me to combine and standardise data from multiple line of business systems. I then worked closely with my Manager to analyse historical trends so that we could provide guidelines per courthouse of what was likely to constitute a busy or quiet period. These guidelines were embedded within the report as visual indicators making it easier for staff to identify upcoming days that events could be listed on without compromising public safety due to over scheduling.
